b0_signing: Pick the header size from signed app (#30545)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  Use their PSA Crypto counterparts instead.

* Changed behaviour of imgtool where --header-size parameter now accepts 'auto' as value and will automatically calculate smallest possible header, and the --header-size is no longer required.

* Changed sysbuild signing scripts for nRF5340 CPUNET to use automatic, smallest needed MCUboot image header, instead of CONFIG_ROM_START_OFFSET, which has to account for proper VTOR alignment. Previously
  The change is based on two premises: there is no need for CONFIG_ROM_START_OFFSET warranted binary alignment needed by VTOR and CPUNET upgrade has been always discarding the header during upgrade.

>   User will now see size, of CPUNET firmware image signed for MCUboot, reduced by 480 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated:
 
  * The behavior of the imgtool.
    The ``--header-size`` parameter now accepts ``auto`` as value and automatically calculates the smallest possible header.
  * The sysbuild signing scripts for nRF5340 CPUNET to automatically use the smallest needed MCUboot image header instead of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ROM_START_OFFSET` Kconfig value, which has to account for proper VTOR alignment.
    The size of CPUNET firmware image signed for MCUboot is reduced by 480 bytes.
```
I hope I did not get rid of anything essential and got this right. Move this under the Added entry.

  Use their PSA Crypto counterparts instead.

* Updated:

  * The behavior of the imgtool.

>     The ``--header-size`` parameter now accepts ``auto`` as value and automatically calculates the smallest possible header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The ``--header-size`` imgtool parameter to accept ``auto`` as a value and automatically calculate the smallest possible header.
```

>   * The sysbuild signing scripts for nRF5340 CPUNET to automatically use the smallest needed MCUboot image header instead of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ROM_START_OFFSET` Kconfig value, which has to account for proper VTOR alignment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The sysbuild signing scripts for nRF5340 network core to automatically use the smallest needed MCUboot image header instead of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ROM_START_OFFSET` Kconfig value, which has to account for proper VTOR alignment.
```

>     The size of CPUNET firmware image signed for MCUboot is reduced by 480 bytes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The size of network core firmware image signed for MCUboot is reduced by 480 bytes.
```
